A 
	Both slaves(former)
	both compassionate to slaveholders
	both abolitionists
	both anti-slavery
	Frederick went to Ireland in August 16, 1845
	Frederick went to Europe as well 
	Frederick returned in 1847
	both remarried
	Both were black?
	Both wanted the education of african americans
	Both do not know who their father is
	Both do not know their ages
	Frederick and Booker served in the Abolitionist movement, but in different roles
	Booker was about helping educate Negroes
	Frederick was about showing the evils of slavery
	He does this constantly in his *Narrative life of frederick douglass* book
	Both were poor at one point

N
	Frederick published *The North Star* magizine
	Fredericc born before
	Douglass escaped from slavery
	Booker was imancipated
	Frederick douglass was a preacher
	Frederick was self taught
	Bookert washington was taught at the Hampton institute
	Frederick was part of the womens rights movement
	Frederick gave the *London Reception Speech* in 1846 in london
	"I would unite with anybody to do right and with nobody to do
	wrong."-Frederick Douglass
	"I cannot recall a single instance during my childhood or early
	boyhood when our entire family sat down to the table together, and
	God's blessing was asked, and the family ate a meal in a civilized
	manner. On the plantation in Virginia, and even later, meals were
	gotten to the children very much as dumb animals get theirs. It was a
	piece of bread here and a scrap of meat there. It was a cup of milk at
	one time and some potatoes at another."-Booker T washington
	Booker created Tuskeege institute
	Tuskeegee was located in Alabama
	Tuskeegee was funded by labour
I
	Frederick Douglass was born 1818
	and died Feb 20,1895	
	Booker T washington was born 1856,
	and died 1915
	Washington was an advisor to the president of the united states
	Died in tuskeegee alabama
	Booker was around for the jim crow laws
	Both were part white
	Both became free.
	Both were controversial
	"As the great day drew nearer, there was more singing in the slave quarters than usual. It was bolder, had more ring, and lasted later into the night. Most of the verses of the plantation songs had some reference to freedom... Some man who seemed to be a stranger (a United States officer, I presume) made a little speech and then read a rather long paper—the Emancipation Proclamation, I think. After the reading we were told that we were all free, and could go when and where we pleased. My mother, who was standing by my side, leaned over and kissed her children, while tears of joy ran down her cheeks. She explained to us what it all meant, that this was the day for which she had been so long praying, but fearing that she would never live to see."
	Booker worked in salt furnaces and coal mines
	Attended Wayland Cemetary in 1878
	*Seminary
	booker created Tuskeegee institute in 1881
	booker helped young african americans get educated
	He helped them learn trades
	Both wanted equality for African Americans
