1. Introduction
	1. Write when done with paper
	2. Narratio
		1. While FD and BTW were born in vastly different times, they both were slaves at one point, then either ran away or were freed. During FD time, there was a lot of pro-slavery rhetoric created by southerners to make northerners less angry about slavery. Some of these were ideas like "Black people just get drunk if they don't have a slavemaster telling them what to do" and "Black people arn't smart". During BTW's time, there was a desperate need to help former slaves into sucessfull lifes. 
		2. It would be FD's life mission to debunk all of the absurd lost cause rhetoric being thrown around, and it would be BTW's to help slaves into sucessful careers and life stability. 
	3. Division and Distribuition
		1. While both FD and BTW have a lot in common, they do share some key differences as well.
		2. Some of these are
		3. Exposition
			1. Both men have similar backgrounds
			2. BTW was about getting out of slavery
			3. FD was about debunking lost cause rhetoric
2. Proof
	0. Both men have similar backgrounds
  1. Frederick douglass escaped slavery
    1. Frederick douglass escaped slavery.
    2. We see that in the book, FD escaped slavery.
    3. This might change FD's perspective of slavery, because he was still the "property" of his former slaveholder.
  2. Booker was freed from slavery
    1. BTW was freed from slavery
    2. In BTW's book, constrasting with FD's, we see that he was freed from slavery. This affected where he went, what his goals were in a post slavery world, and even his identity.
  3. While both men were enslaved, they were freed in seperate ways, weather by their own merit, or by emancipation.

	2. BTW was about helping slaves get into a sucsessful life
    1. BTW helped slaves get into a sucessful life.
      1. BTW helped slaves get into a sucessful life.
      1. Booker t washington went to the Hampton institute while frederick was self taught
      3. Booker t washington taught at Hampton
      2. Booker t washington created his own school
      1. He talked about race relations
      2. He was non-political
      3. He helped black students to get into jobs
      4. He taught trades
      5. He funded his own school
      4. These examples demonstrate how BTW helped slaves out of the ditch that was slavery by educating them, giving them food, and shelter.
    2. FD was about abolishing slavery
      1. FD was about abolishing slavery
      2. He toured the country on anti-slavery premises
      3. He wrote his own speaches, showing that slaves could be educated, functioning members of society. This was something that people of the time desperately needed to see.
      4. These examples demonstrate how FD helped in the tearing down of slavery; something that did not need to happen in BTW's time.

	3. Both men were born in vastly different times.
    1. FD was born 38 years before BTW
      1. FD was born 38 years before BTW, being born in 1818
      2. This would have massive implications on what FD would have identified as a problem for the abolitionist movement. Around this time, lots of false information about the nature of slaves was floating around, and it would be FD's mission to debunk all of it.
    2. BTW was way younger than FD, being born in 1856
      2. BTW was way younger than FD, being born in 1856
      1. This, coupled with the fact that slaves were just emancipated, would cement the fact that BTW would need to help slaves just like him into a better life.
      3. We see that because of BTW's time period, there were differing needs of the abolitionist movement. 
    3. Even though both men were born decades after each other, they both lived their lives to help the enslaved US population. One to free from slavery, one to free from poverty.

3. Conclusion
	1. Recapitulation
		1. While FD was about spreading around how evil slavery was, Booker T washington helped slaves economically by helping them exit the poverty cycle.
		2. My proofs showed that even though both men have similar backgrounds, they all provided different services to the abolitionist world. 
	2. While neither man was more insturmental in seeing to the end of slavery, they served wildly different purposes, and it is important to all of us to understand their contributions to society of the time, and modern society.
	3. Write the ending of the essay with the title in your last sentence
