
1. This was the biggest case of scandal in american history, and the balence of justice could be tipped in favour of one side depending on this one decision.
2. Narratio
	1. There was mass outcry at the infamous watergate scandal that had been rounding the news for months. Richard Nixon alledgedly had broke into the democrats headquarters in watergate. Now, the courts would battle it out for the final verdict. 
	2. The action in question is the decision not to hold the trial later in the year. 
1. Division
	1. While many think that the trial should have been delayed, 
	2. others think that it should not have been.
	3. WTH?
2. Distribution
	1. This trial should not have been delayed
	2. For three reasons
	3. Exposition
		1. There was bias
		2. He was harmless
		3. It was important

1. There was bias
	1. In the book, there were shown to be thousands of articles against
	him
	2. Finding a jury for the case would have been impossible as this had
	been the rage of the century
	3. the judge would have already been against him
	4. Everybody deserves a right to a fair trial, according to the sixth amendment, and this clearly could
	not have been one, even if there would have been a biased courtroom.
3. he was harmless
	1. He was not a murderer, and was not going to run away
	2. if you thought he was going to run away, just put him under house arrest
	3. He was basically under house arrest anyways
2. It was important
	2. There were riots(to what scale here)
	3. This was the biggest story out there
	4. People needed to be absolutely sure that the criminals were actually criminals(why)
1. While we all think people should have a right to a fair trial,
2. Delaying the trial would have done nothing to help
	1. Time will not necissarily make the courts magically unbiased
	2. But it will make people calm down
3. It would have created riots
	1. Delaying the trial would have looked corrupt, and subsequently caused riots.
	2. Riots would have been caused no matter waht, and riots are worth a fair trial
5. The trial for watergate should have been postponed until public resentment died down
2. For the following three reasons
	1. There was bias
	2. he was harmless
	3. It was important
20. This case was increadibly important to all americans
349324. Because it was about the biggest political scandal in american history, only rivaled by decisions like "should we leave the english monarcy"
